_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: home
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='https://www.khoury.northeastern.edu/'>Khoury College of Computer Science</a>. <a href='https://www.google.com/maps/place/Northeastern+University+in+Silicon+Valley'>San Jose, CA</a> - <a href='mailto:k.ni@northeastern.edu'>Karl's E-Mail</a>

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>CRN 21066</p>
    <p><a href="https://admin.khoury.northeastern.edu/teaching/schedules/section/250909?semester=Fall+2024&campus=2859">Mon 4:30-7:50pm</a></p>
    <p><a href="https://admin.khoury.northeastern.edu/teaching/schedules/section/250909?semester=Fall+2024&campus=2859">San Jose Room TBD</a></p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---
The key objectives of this course are two-fold: (1) to teach the fundamental concepts of data mining and (2) to provide extensive hands-on experience in applying the concepts to real-world applications. The core topics to be covered in this course include classification, clustering, association analysis, and anomaly/novelty detection. This course consists of about 13 weeks of lecture, followed by 1 week of project presentations by students who will be responsible for developing and/or applying data mining techniques to applications such as intrusion detection, Web usage analysis, financial data analysis, text mining, bioinformatics, systems management, Earth Science, and other scientific and engineering areas. At the end of this course, students are expected to possess the fundamental skills needed to conduct their own research in data mining or to apply data mining techniques to production level engineering infrastructure. 

Course Reference: CRN 21066 (San Jose)

Commit message:

Added the about.md introduction to the course.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: home
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='https://www.khoury.northeastern.edu/'>Khoury College of Computer Science</a>. <a href='https://www.google.com/maps/place/Northeastern+University+in+Silicon+Valley'>San Jose, CA</a> - <a href='mailto:k.ni@northeastern.edu'>Karl's E-Mail</a>

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>CRN 21066</p>
    <p><a href="https://admin.khoury.northeastern.edu/teaching/schedules/section/250909?semester=Fall+2024&campus=2859">Mon 4:30-7:50pm</a></p>
    <p><a href="https://admin.khoury.northeastern.edu/teaching/schedules/section/250909?semester=Fall+2024&campus=2859">San Jose Room TBD</a></p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---
This course in Natural Language Processing (NLP) is a mix of first principles and heavy doses of software engineering. The key objectives two-fold: (1) to teach the fundamental concepts of NLP and (2) to provide extensive and practical hands-on modeling experience. Our language modeling curriculum will cover a variety of use cases, including but not limited to sentiment analysis, question / answer, summarization, translation, and more. The core topics to be covered in this course include topic models, word/sentence embedding models, deep attention models, and large language models (LLMs). 

There is a heavy project component to this course, where students will build and serve applications that leverage modern capabilities, all of which can be attained from open source (even the LLMs, like Facebook's Llama 3.) Students will attain foundational knowledge, and subsequently be able to scale their processing (both training and inference) with cloud computing, as this course takes advantage of cloud computing with generous grants from Google through Google Cloud Compute (GCP). 

By the end of this class, students will have first-hand knowledge and be able to replicate (if not contribute to) any modern NLP approaches that companies like OpenAI, Google, and Meta might invent. They will be able to read most of the technical papers that advance this technology. But perhaps most importantly, they will have a fun and rewarding experience processing natural language and understanding the machine learning that goes into it.


Course Reference: CRN 21066 (San Jose)
