_homeworks/homework-1.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: homework 1
permalink: /homework-1/
description: setup and review
nav: true
horizontal: false
---

------
### getting started with data
-----

Accept the [classroom homework invitation](https://classroom.github.com/). Please review the homework in this [pdf file](https://github.com/kni-neu/homework-3/blob/master/assignment3-questions.pdf). Remember that reading resources can be found on Canvas under the schedule in Syllabus.

If Github Classrooms does not work for you, you can use [this Github template](https://github.com/kni-neu/homework-3) to start your repository by

1. clicking **Use this template**
2. creating a new repository, and
3. making it visible to **kni-neu**, **nkumeh**, and **pratyaksh64**.

-----
### data and starter kit
-----

You will need [the data](./data). If you are using Colab (not required), you would need a Google account.

![](https://assets3.thrillist.com/v1/image/2677184/792x528/scale;webp=auto;jpeg_quality=60.jpg)
<br>
<br>

Here are the starter kits that you might find useful.

* Document templates can be either [LaTeX File](https://github.com/kni-neu/homework-3/blob/master/assignment3-questions.tex) or [DOCX File](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Q8fpJo-gF_L0_TwUdw5E7x7faOAStK4n). When you've compiled/finished writing, **download the PDF** from Overleaf/Google and upload it to the submission link.

* To help you get started, you may find that this [Colaboratory Link](./) is useful. In order to submit, you'll need to Download the file as a `*.ipynb` file (Under **File** &rarr; **Download** &rarr; **Download .ipynb**.)

-----
#### Submission Instructions
-----

Commit your `*.py` or `*.ipynb` (either is fine), output files (`publishers_no_titles.txt` and `titles_no_publishers.txt`), and `assignment3.pdf` to that repository and provide the URL via [Gradescope](https://www.gradescope.com/courses/494275).

Commit message:

Added homework links, PDF files, and formatting in _homework folder.

_homeworks/homework-1.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: homework 1
permalink: /homework-1/
description: review and data exploration
nav: true
hw_pdf: assignment-1.pdf
horizontal: false
---

------
### getting started with data
-----

Accept the [classroom homework invitation](https://classroom.github.com/). Please review the homework in this [pdf file]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/pdf/assignment-1.pdf). Remember that reading resources can be found in the [syllabus]({{ site.baseurl }}/syllabus).

-----
### data and starter kit
-----

You will need [the data](https://course.ccs.neu.edu/cs6220/fall2023/homework-1/) for the review portion and [netflix data](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/netflix-inc/netflix-prize-data) for the exploration portion.

<center>
<img src="https://assets3.thrillist.com/v1/image/2677184/792x528/scale;webp=auto;jpeg_quality=60.jpg" width="500" height="auto">
</center>
<br>
<br>

Here are the starter kits that you might find useful.

* Document templates can be either [LaTeX File](https://www.overleaf.com/read/gbwryydmdjhv) or [DOCX File](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Q8fpJo-gF_L0_TwUdw5E7x7faOAStK4n). When you've compiled/finished writing, **download the PDF** from Overleaf/Google and upload it to the submission link.

* You may find [Colaboratory](http://colab.research.google.com) useful, which you can subsequently download the file as a `*.ipynb` file (Under **File** &rarr; **Download** &rarr; **Download .ipynb**.)

* You can use any repository system to submit code as long as there is an online link to it. The standard way is to use Github, but you can have a sharepoint folder too as long as it's clear what each individual file is.

-----
#### submission instructions
-----

Commit all your code to your repository, and submit via [Gradescope](https://www.gradescope.com/courses/494275). There, you will upload your PDF and provide the link to your repository, which should have all the code that you used to generate your solutions.

<br><br><br>
<hr style="border:2px solid gray">
#### project checkpoint
-----

Each week, there will be a checkpoint for you project so that you are on track to turn in the project at the end of the semester. This week

* Start surveying the available data (preferably *outside* of Kaggle).
* Start introducing yourself to your classmates and seeing whether or not you'd like to form a team
