_homeworks/homework-5.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: homework 5
permalink: /homework-5/
description: bayes rules and ml toolboxes
nav: true
hw_pdf: assignment-5.pdf
assigned: october 31
due_date: november 14
horizontal: false
---

<hr style="border:2px solid gray">
#### bayes rules and ml toolboxes
-----

Please accept the [classroom homework invitation](https://classroom.github.com/a/Oa1cmMV1) and review the homework in this [pdf file](https://github.com/kni-neu/homework-5/
blob/master/assignment5.pdf).

If Github Classrooms does not work for you, you can use [this Github template](https://github.com/kni-neu/homework-5) to start your repository by 

1. clicking **Use this template** 
2. creating a new repository, and 
3. making it visible to **kni-neu**, **ConnrLin**

-----
#### data and starter kit
-----

You will need [this data](https://course.ccs.neu.edu/cs6220/fall2023/homework-5/). 

<center>
<img 
  src="https://developer-blogs.nvidia.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/AdobeStock_144726520-e1661451314329.jpeg"
  width="500" height="auto">
</center>
<br>


Here are the starter kits that you might find useful.

* Document templates can be either [LaTeX File](https://github.com/kni-neu/homework-5/blob/master/assignment5.tex) or [DOCX File](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E1QXKc
VpGZY8kBjhWRok2a_UIUTO0ER5). When you've compiled/finished writing, **download the PDF** from Overleaf/Google and upload it to your repository.

* In order to submit, you'll need to Download the file as a `*.ipynb` file (Under **File** &rarr; **Download** &rarr; **Download .ipynb**.)

Commit message:

Removing assignment PDFs and updating Gradescope links

_homeworks/homework-5.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: homework 5
permalink: /homework-5/
description: bayes rules and ml toolboxes
nav: true
hw_pdf: assignment-5.pdf
assigned: october 31
due_date: november 14
horizontal: false
---

<hr style="border:2px solid gray">
#### bayes rules and ml toolboxes
-----

Please accept the [classroom homework invitation](https://classroom.github.com/a/Oa1cmMV1) and review the homework in this [pdf file](https://github.com/kni-neu/homework-5/
blob/master/assignment5.pdf).

If Github Classrooms does not work for you, you can use [this Github template](https://github.com/kni-neu/homework-5) to start your repository by 

1. clicking **Use this template** 
2. creating a new repository, and 
3. making it visible to **kni-neu**, **ConnrLin**

-----
#### data and starter kit
-----

You will need [this data](https://course.ccs.neu.edu/cs6220/fall2023/homework-5/). 

<center>
<img 
  src="https://developer-blogs.nvidia.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/AdobeStock_144726520-e1661451314329.jpeg"
  width="500" height="auto">
</center>
<br>


Here are the starter kits that you might find useful.

* Document templates can be either [LaTeX File](https://github.com/kni-neu/homework-5/blob/master/assignment5.tex) or [DOCX File](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E1QXKc
VpGZY8kBjhWRok2a_UIUTO0ER5). When you've compiled/finished writing, **download the PDF** from Overleaf/Google/Microsoft and upload it to your repository.

* In order to submit, you'll need to Download the file as a `*.ipynb` file (Under **File** &rarr; **Download** &rarr; **Download .ipynb**.) 

-----
#### submission instructions
-----

Commit your `*.py` or `*.ipynb` (either is fine as long as they are commented appropriately), `output.txt`, and `assignment2.pdf` 
to that 
repository and provide the URL via [Gradescope](https://www.gradescope.com/courses/583114).
